    zZounds Affiliate Agreement
      This Agreement, between you and zZounds Music, LLC, covers your 
      participation in an open-term promotion, the zZounds Affiliate Program 
      (the "Program"), on your website in exchange for payment based on the 
      terms and conditions set forth below. As used in this Agreement, "we", or 
      "us", or "our" means zZounds Music, "you" or "your" means the applicant. 

      1. Enrollment 
      If accepted as a participant in the Program, you will be granted (subject 
      to the terms and conditions of this Agreement) the non-exclusive right to 
      earn referral fees on sales generated by zZounds from customers 
      voluntarily referred to our site from your site by means of an Internet 
      hypertext transfer link placed on your site. 

      To begin a participant in the program, you will first have to submit a 
      complete Affiliate Program Application. We will evaluate your application 
      and notify you by email whether your application has been accepted or 
      rejected. We may reject your application if we determine that your site or 
      behavior is unsuitable for the Affiliate Program for any reason. 
      Prohibited site features or behaviors include, but are not limited to, the 
      following: 
        Operate or utilize a Web site or send emails that contain or promote 
        content that is: 
          * illegal 
          * misleading or deceptive 
          * libelous or defamatory 
          * pornographic or sexually explicit 
          * abusive or violent 
          * bigoted, hate-oriented, or discriminatory on the basis of race, sex, 
          * religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age 
          * cracking, hacking or warez 
        Engage in spamming or indiscriminate advertising, including but not 
        limited to posting commercial messages on Usenet. 
        Engage in cybersquatting or typosquatting, including but not limited to 
        "zZounds" or variations or misspellings thereof in your domain names, or 
        otherwise violate intellectual property rights. 
        Cause or enable any Transactions to be made that are not in good faith, 
        including, but not limited to, by means of any device, program, robot, 
        Iframes, hidden frames, JavaScript popup windows and redirects. Post or 
        serve any advertisements or promotional content around or in conjunction 
        with the display of our site (e.g., through any "framing" technique or 
        technology or pop-up windows), or assist, authorize, or encourage any 
        third party to take any such action 
        Dilute, blur or tarnish the value of zZounds trademarks, tradenames, 
        and/or service marks. 
        Read, intercept, record, redirect, interpret, or fill in the contents of 
        any electronic form or other materials submitted to us by any person or 
        entity. 
        In any way modify, redirect, suppress, or substitute the operation of 
        any button, link, or other interactive feature of our site. 
        Take any action that could reasonably cause any customer confusion as to 
        our relationship with you, or as to the site on which any functions or 
        transactions (e.g., search, order, browse, and so on) are occurring. 
        Directly or indirectly offer any person or entity any consideration or 
        incentive (including, without limitation, payment of money (including 
        any rebate), "rewards" program, or granting of any discount or other 
        benefit) for using Special Links on your site to access our site without 
        prior written permission from zZounds. 
      Your site content, behaviors, and other information bearing on your 
      compliance with this Affiliate Program may be reviewed in the future. Our 
      acceptance of your application to our program does not indicate our 
      assessment of your compliance with this agreement. If we determine that 
      you have engaged in any prohibited activities, we may terminate this 
      agreement without limiting any other rights or remedies available to us. 
      If we determine that your behavior is fraudulent in nature, we may 
      withhold any referral fees otherwise payable to you under this Agreement. 
      Your Site is defined to include up to six separate domain names, which you 
      provide to us when you enroll. 

      2. Referral Fees. 
      Referral Fee Rate Schedule: We will pay you a referral fee (the "Referral 
      Fee") of the Net Sales to us by users of your site that make purchases 
      utilizing the Special Links between your site and our site, excluding 
      amounts collected by us for sales taxes, duties, shipping, handling, gift 
      wrapping and similar charges ("Net Sales"). The default Referral Fee rate 
      is six (6) percent of the sales of any product attributed to links from 
      your site. Currently the Referral Fee rate is the same for all products on 
      the site. Your current Referral Fee rate or rate schedule, for specific or 
      all products, may be posted in our Affiliate Program Portal, accessible 
      via your affiliate login ID and password on our website. Any Referral Fee 
      rate or rate schedule posted in the Affiliate Program Portal supersedes 
      this default Referral Fee rate. In addition to the base referral rate, we 
      will pay You bonuses for meeting certain monthly Net Sales goals. We will 
      also pay You an additional bonuses if zZounds is the only Musical 
      Instrument affiliate featured on your site. 

      Referral Fee Requirements: For a sale to generate a Referral Fee, the 
      customer must follow the Special Link from your site to our site, purchase 
      the product or products in question using our online ordering system, 
      accept delivery of the item at the shipping destination, and remit full 
      payment to us. A Referral Fee will only be paid if the visitor to our site 
      is tracked by our system from the time of the Special Link to the time of 
      the sale and if that sale is made within 45 days from the most recent 
      Special Link from your site. Referral Fees will not be paid for amounts 
      not collected due to credit card fraud, bad debts and credits for returned 
      goods. If a customer has clicked on two or more links from different 
      affiliates or advertisers prior to making a purchase, only the provider of 
      the last link clicked is eligible to receive a referral fee. For example, 
      if a visitor comes to our site once by way of a Special Link on affiliate 
      A's site and then later returns to our site from a link on affiliate B's 
      site, only affiliate B will be paid a referral fee. If zZounds has 
      separate agreement with You for other paid avertising links, You are not 
      eligible to earn affiliate referral fees from these other paid links. 

      Referral Use Only: The zZounds affiliate program is designed to refer 
      customers to the zZounds web site and not to provide a discount to 
      Affiliates. You may not purchase products using the Special Links on your 
      site for your own use, for resale or commercial use of any kind. 

      3. Referral Fee Payment. We will pay Referral Fees on a monthly basis. 
      Approximately 60 days following the end of each month, we will send you a 
      check for the Referral Fees earned during that month. We have a generous 
      customer return policy. The 60 day payment period allows us to calculate 
      and subtract any returned sales. Payments will only be made so long as the 
      affiliate remains an affiliate according to the terms of this contract. If 
      the Referral Fees payable to you for any month are less than $50.00 (the 
      "Referral Fee Payment Floor"), your Referral Fees will be carried over to 
      the next month. 

      4. Linking to Our Site. 
      Link Formats: In order for zZounds to attribute sales to Your site, You 
      must use special hypertext links that are uniquely coded to indicate Your 
      site. We will provide you with special "tagged" link formats to be used in 
      all links between your site and our site. You must ensure that each of the 
      links between your site and our site properly utilizes such special link 
      formats. Links to our site placed on your site pursuant to this Agreement 
      and which properly utilize such special link formats are referred to as 
      "Special Links." You will earn referral fees only with respect to activity 
      on our site occurring directly through Special Links and coming from Your 
      Site. If you do not use these Special Links, We will not pay You any 
      referral fees. For a Special Link to be valid, the visitor referral must 
      be verified by our site as originating from one of the six domain names 
      you provided as encompassing Your Site. 
      Direct & Indirect Special Links: Generally, sites will want to use a 
      regular direct HTTP link that takes users directly to the zZounds site. 
      For sites that want to implement internal tracking, they may create an 
      internal link to capture the clickthrough before referring the user to Our 
      site. Sites employing such indirect links must redirect to Our site using 
      a HTTP status code of 301. 
      Representation of Links: Each Special Link connecting users of your site 
      to our site will in no way alter the look, feel or functionality of our 
      site. The customer must be clearly informed that the merchant is zZounds 
      and not the affiliate. Any online store must be identified as being 
      operated by zZounds and not the affiliate. At no time may the affiliate 
      make representations which would make it appear that zZounds is merely 
      providing items to affiliate for resale. We have the right in our sole 
      discretion to monitor your site at any time and from time to time to 
      determine if you are in compliance with the terms of this Agreement. 
      Link Graphics & Creative: We will provide you with guidelines and 
      graphical artwork to use in linking to zZounds.com - which, subject to the 
      terms and conditions hereof, you may display on your site. All Affiliate 
      Sites can display such graphic images throughout your site as you see fit 
      and with our consent. 
      Use of Linking Information: You acknowledge that, by participating in the 
      Affiliate Program and placing any of the above Special Links within your 
      site, zZounds.com may receive information from or about visitors to your 
      site or communications between your site and those visitors, namely the 
      link itself and HTTP referrer information. Your participation in the 
      zZounds.com program constitutes your specific and unconditional consent to 
      and authorization for zZounds' access to, receipt, storage, use, and 
      disclosure of any and all such information, consistent with the policies 
      and procedures set forth in zZounds.com's Privacy Notice. 

      5. Order Processing. We will process orders placed by customers who follow 
      the Special Links from your site to the www.zZounds.com site. We will be 
      solely responsible for all aspects of order processing and fulfillment, 
      including order entry, payment processing, shipping, cancellations, 
      returns and related customer service. We will track the volume and amount 
      of sales generated by your site and will make unaudited reports, 
      summarizing this sales activity, available to you online. To permit 
      accurate tracking, reporting, and fee accrual, you must ensure that the 
      Special Links between your site and our site are properly formatted. We 
      reserve the right to reject orders that do not comply with certain 
      requirements, that we periodically may establish or in our complete sole 
      discretion. Examples of such requirements include, but are not limited to, 
      fraud prevention mechanisms, geographic shipping restrictions, etc. 

      6. Policies and Pricing. Customers who buy through the Affiliate Program 
      will be deemed to be customers of zZounds. Accordingly, zZounds rules, 
      policies, and operating procedures concerning customer orders, customer 
      service, and sales will apply to those customers. Our prices and inventory 
      availability may vary from time to time. Because price changes may affect 
      items that you already have listed on your site, you may not include price 
      or inventory information in your descriptions. An exception will be if you 
      include price information directly from our website in your page in 
      realtime, an option that we may offer at our discretion or cancel at any 
      time. We will use reasonable efforts to present accurate information, but 
      we cannot guarantee the availability or price of any particular product 
      nor can we guarantee the accuracy of descriptions or images associated 
      with products on our website. 

      7. Identifying Yourself as a zZounds Affiliate You may not issue any press 
      release with respect to this Agreement or your participation in the 
      Program; such action may result in your termination from the Program. We 
      will make available to you an image that identifies your site as a Program 
      participant. You must display this logo and the phrase "In affiliation 
      with zZounds.com" somewhere on your site. We may modify the text or 
      graphic image of this notice from time to time. You may not in any manner 
      misrepresent or embellish the relationship between us and you, or express 
      or imply any relationship or affiliation between us and you or any other 
      person or entity except as expressly permitted by this Agreement 
      (including by expressing or implying that zZounds.com supports, sponsors, 
      endorses, or contributes money to any charity or other cause). 

      8. Non-Exclusive Limited License and Use of www.zZounds.com Logos and 
      Trademarks. We grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable 
      right to (i) access our site through links solely in accordance with the 
      terms of this Agreement, and (ii) solely in connection with such links, to 
      use our logos, trade names, trademarks and similar identifying material 
      (collectively "Licensed Materials"), solely for the purpose of selling 
      Musical Instruments on your site for www.zZounds.com. You may not alter, 
      modify or change the Licensed Materials in any way. You are only entitled 
      to use the Licensed Materials to the extent you are a member, in good 
      standing, of the Affiliate Program. You shall not make any specific use of 
      any Licensed Materials for purposes other than selling Musical Instruments 
      for www.zZounds.com. You agree not to use the Licensed Materials in any 
      manner that is disparaging or that otherwise portrays www.zZounds.com in a 
      negative light. We reserve all of our rights in the Licensed Materials, 
      and all other intellectual property rights. You shall obtain no rights in 
      and to the Licensed Materials. Aside from the content associated with 
      Special Links to our site and stating that you are a zZounds affiliate, 
      You shall not create, publish, distribute or permit any material that 
      makes reference to us, without first submitting such material to us and 
      receiving our written consent. This license shall terminate upon the 
      effective date of the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 

      9. Use of Vendors' Content. All content, including images, trademarks, 
      service marks, product names, company names and logos, appearing on the 
      www.zZounds.com Web site, other than the Licensed Materials owned by 
      zZounds Music, are the property of their respective owners. Any use of 
      such content is subject to restrictions determined by the vendor. If you 
      use any vendors' content you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless, in 
      accordance with the provisions of Section 16 of this Affiliate Program 
      Agreement, from all claims, damages, and expenses (including, without 
      limitation, attorneys' fees and expert witness fees) in connection with 
      your use of a Vendors' content. 

      10. Responsibility for Your Site. You will be solely responsible for the 
      development, operation and maintenance of your site and for all materials 
      that appear on your site. We shall have no responsibility for the 
      development, operation and maintenance of your site and for all materials 
      that appear on your site. For example, you will be solely responsible for: 

        The technical operation of your site and all related equipment. 
        Creating and posting Product descriptions on your site and linking those 
        descriptions to our catalog. 
        The accuracy and appropriateness of materials posted on your site 
        (including, among other things, all Product-related materials). 
        Ensuring that materials posted on your site do not violate or infringe 
        upon the rights of any third party (including, for example, copyrights, 
        trademarks, privacy, or other personal or proprietary rights). 
        Ensuring that your site accurately and adequately discloses, either 
        through a privacy policy or otherwise, how you collect, use, store, and 
        disclose data collected from visitors, including, where applicable, that 
        third parties (including advertisers) may serve content and/or 
        advertisements and collect information directly from visitors and may 
        place or recognize cookies on visitors' browsers. 
      11. Term of the Agreement. The term of this Agreement will begin upon our 
      acceptance of your Affiliate Program Application and will end when 
      terminated by either party. Either you or we may terminate this Agreement 
      at any time, with or without cause, by giving the other party notice of 
      termination. Notice by e-mail, to your address on our records, or posted 
      in our Affiliate Program Portal, is considered sufficient notice for us to 
      terminate this Agreement. Upon the termination of this Agreement for any 
      reason, you will immediately cease use of, and remove from your site, all 
      links to our site, and all zZounds.com trademarks, trade dress, and logos, 
      and all other materials provided by or on behalf of us to you pursuant 
      hereto or in connection with the Program. If this Agreement is terminated 
      because you have violated the terms of this Agreement, you are not 
      eligible to receive any Referral Fees, even for Referral Fees earned prior 
      to the date of termination. If this Agreement is terminated for any other 
      reason, you are only eligible to earn Referral Fees on sales occurring 
      during the term of the Agreement, and Referral Fees earned through the 
      date of termination will remain payable only if the related orders are not 
      canceled or returned. We reserve the right to withhold your final payment 
      for a reasonable time to ensure that the correct amount is paid. As an 
      alternative to termination, we may elect in our sole and complete 
      discretion to warn of a site content or behavior problem that must be 
      remedied and we may temporarily deactivate your account so that you no 
      longer accrue new Referral Fees on purchases made during this temporary 
      deactivation as a result of your Special Links. This deactivation does not 
      preclude continued participation in the affiliate program or possible 
      payment of prior Referral Fees upon resolution of any and all issues to 
      our satisfaction. Whether deactivated affiliates are terminated or 
      reactivated is in our sole and complete discretion. In the event of 
      affiliate reactivation, regardless of reason, purchases made during the 
      temporary deactivation as a result of your Special Links will not result 
      in Referral Fees accruing. 

      12. Modification. We may modify any of the terms and conditions contained 
      in this Agreement, at any time and in our sole discretion. Notice of any 
      change by e-mail, to your address on our records, or the posting on our 
      site of a change notice or a new agreement, is considered sufficient 
      notice for notifying you of a modification to the terms and conditions of 
      this Agreement. Modifications may include, but are not limited to, changes 
      in the scope of available Referral Fee, Referral Fee schedules, payment 
      procedures, and Affiliate Program rules. All such modifications shall take 
      effect immediately upon notice as provided above, unless we indicate 
      otherwise. IF ANY MODIFICATION IS UNACCEPTABLE TO YOU, YOUR ONLY RECOURSE 
      IS TO TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT. YOUR CONTINUED PARTICIPATION IN THE 
      AFFILIATE PROGRAM, FOLLOWING OUR POSTING OF A CHANGE NOTICE OR NEW 
      AGREEMENT ON OUR SITE, WILL CONSTITUTE BINDING ACCEPTANCE OF THE CHANGE. 

      13. Relationship of Parties. You and zZounds Music are independent 
      contractors, and nothing in this Agreement will create any partnership, 
      joint venture, agency, franchise, sales representative, or employment 
      relationship between the parties. You are responsible for paying any and 
      all income taxes for Referral Fees earned. You will have no authority to 
      make or accept any offers or representations on our behalf. You will not 
      make any statement, whether on your site or otherwise, that reasonably 
      would contradict anything in this Section. 

      14. Limitation of Liability. We will not be liable for indirect, special, 
      or consequential damages, or any loss of revenue, profits, or data, 
      arising in connection with this Agreement or the Affiliate Program, even 
      if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Further, our 
      aggregate liability arising with respect to this Agreement and the 
      Affiliate Program will not exceed the total Referral Fees paid or payable 
      to you under this Agreement. 

      15. Disclaimers. We make no express or implied warranties or 
      representations with respect to the Affiliate Program or any items sold 
      through the Affiliate Program (including, without limitation, warranties 
      of fitness, merchantability, non-infringement, or any implied warranties 
      arising out of a course of performance, dealing, or trade usage). In 
      addition, we make no representation that the operation of our site or 
      order processing will be uninterrupted or error-free, and we will not be 
      liable for the consequences of any interruptions or errors. 

      16. Representations and Warranties. You hereby represent and warrant to us 
      that this Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by 
      you and constitutes your legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable 
      against you in accordance with its terms; and that the execution, delivery 
      and performance by you of this Agreement are within your legal capacity 
      and power; have been duly authorized by all requisite action on your part; 
      require the approval or consent of no other persons; and neither violate 
      nor constitute a default under the (i) provision of any law, rule, 
      regulation, order, judgment or decree to which you are subject or which is 
      binding upon you, or (ii) the terms of any other agreement, document or 
      instrument applicable to you or binding upon you. 
      IF YOU ARE AN INDIVIDUAL, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU WERE AT LEAST 
      18 YEARS OF AGE ON THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT. 

      17. Confidentiality. You understand that, if your application is accepted 
      by zZounds, you will be exposed to zZounds business procedures and 
      processes and may or will have access to certain confidential information 
      belonging to zZounds, which zZounds considers to be among its most 
      valuable assets. You also understand that in order for zZounds to protect 
      its secret and confidential information and its goodwill with customers, 
      it is necessary for zZounds to reasonably restrict your ability to use and 
      disseminate confidential information of zZounds to the maximum extent 
      permitted by law. As such, Participant will not directly or indirectly, 
      during the term of this Agreement or thereafter, disclose or make any use 
      of, for your own benefit or for the benefit of a business or entity other 
      than zZounds, any zZounds information that, because of legends or other 
      markings, the circumstances of disclosure or the nature of the information 
      itself, you reasonably understand to be proprietary and confidential to 
      zZounds or an affiliate of zZounds. You must limit dissemination of 
      Confidential Information to employees who have a need to know and shall 
      not otherwise disclose the Confidential Information to any party. You 
      shall protect the Confidential Information using a degree of care 
      comparable to the care used to protect your own confidential and 
      proprietary information, but in no case less than the degree of care 
      generally accepted in the industry. You acknowledge that disclosure or use 
      of any Confidential Information may give rise to irreparable injury to 
      zZounds for which monetary damages may not be adequate. Accordingly, you 
      agree that zZounds will be entitled to injunctive relief against the 
      breach or threatened breach of your obligations under this paragraph, in 
      addition to any other legal remedies that may be available. This provision 
      shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

      18. Indemnification. You hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold 
      harmless www.zZounds.com its shareholders, officers, directors, employees, 
      agents, affiliates, successors and assigns, from and against any and all 
      claims, losses, liabilities, damages or expenses (including attorneys' 
      fees and costs) of any nature whatsoever incurred or suffered by us 
      (collectively the "Losses"), in so far as such Losses (or actions in 
      respect thereof) arise out of or are based on (i) any claim or threatened 
      claim that our use of the Affiliate Trademarks infringes on the rights of 
      any third party; (ii) the breach of any representation or warranty made by 
      you herein; or (iii) or any claim related to your site. 

      19. Independent Investigation. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS 
      AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO ALL ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS. YOU HAVE 
      INDEPENDENTLY EVALUATED THE DESIRABILITY OF PARTICIPATING IN THE AFFILIATE 
      PROGRAM AND ARE NOT RELYING ON ANY REPRESENTATION, GUARANTEE, OR STATEMENT 
      OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT. 

      20. Arbitration Any dispute relating in any way to this Agreement 
      (including any actual or alleged breach hereof), any transactions or 
      activities under this Agreement or your relationship with us or any of our 
      affiliates shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in New Jersey, 
      except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened 
      to violate our intellectual property rights, we may seek injunctive or 
      other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of New 
      Jersey (and you consent to non-exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such 
      courts) or any other court of competent jurisdiction. Arbitration under 
      this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the 
      American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be binding 
      and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. 
      To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under 
      this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party 
      subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings 
      or otherwise. 

      21. Miscellaneous. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the 
      United States and the State of New Jersey, without reference to rules 
      governing choice of laws. Any action relating to this Agreement must be 
      brought in the federal or state courts located in New Jersey and you 
      irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of such courts. You may not assign 
      this Agreement, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior 
      written consent. Subject to that restriction, this Agreement will be 
      binding on, inure to the benefit of, and enforceable against the parties 
      and their respective successors and assigns. Our failure to enforce your 
      strict performance of any provision of this Agreement will not constitute 
      a waiver of our right to subsequently enforce such provision or any other 
      provision of this Agreement. No term of this contract is waived unless 
      that waiver is executed in a written amendment to the contract signed by 
      both parties. This contract operates solely between zZounds and the 
      affiliate, and is not intended to accrue to the benefit of any third 
      party. The terms of this affiliate agreement are unique to the parties of 
      this agreement and are not altered should zZounds enter into differently 
      constructed affiliate agreements with other parties at any time. 

      22. Severability If any provision of this agreement is held by any court 
      of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, null or void or against public 
      policy, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full 
      force and effect. The parties shall in good faith attempt to modify any 
      invalidated provision to carry out the stated intentions in the agreement. 
      The waiver of any breach of any provision under this agreement by any 
      party shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent 
      breach, nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 

      23. Survival. The provisions of this section, and Sections 17 and 21 shall 
      survive the termination of this Agreement 

      24. Contact Information: 
      
      zZounds Music LLC 
      65 Greenwood Ave 
      Midland Park, NJ 07432 
      phone (800) 996-8637* 
      fax (312) 276-0186 

      *Please direct all correspondence to affiliate@zzounds.com.  In the case
      of an emergency, affiliates are welcome to contact zZounds at
      (800)996-8637 and leave a message for the affiliate manager (please
      provide affiliate ID#).  The affiliate manager will return your call
      promptly.

      For notifications regarding this Agreement, send mail to the address above 
      or email affiliate@zzounds.com. 

      zZounds Music LLC is a Delaware corporation. 


      Affiliate Agreement / Revision: 1.3 


http://www.zzounds.com/a--3081893
http://www.zzounds.com/a--3081893/item--ROLVS890HD




Dear Anton Naumovets,

Thank you for signing up for a Commission Junction publisher account and applying for the Guitar Center advertiser program! If approved into the Guitar Center program, you will receive a second email, welcoming you to their program.

Important Account Information: Please save or print this email as a reference of your account id, username and password.

Your account identification number is: 3939770
Your username is: pitchimprover@gmail.com
Your password is: 2FR5bUm

Now, you are ready to get started! Login to the CJ Account Manager at www.cj.com to set up your account. Your Commission Junction publisher account enables you to place links and banners on your Web site or in your newsletter to earn commissions for advertiser programs that you have been accepted into. From the CJ Account Manager, you can locate advertisers, find offers to promote, obtain code for your web site or newsletter and generate reports to track your results.

Checking Your Application Status:
To view the status of your Guitar Center application please log into the CJ Account Manager and navigate to 'Get Links' > By Relationship. Here you can locate Guitar Center within one of the tabs and see the status of your application.

Submit Payment and Tax Information:
In order to be eligible for a payment you must login to the CJ Account Manager and complete your payment information and your tax information by filling out and submitting one of our electronic tax certification forms.

If you have any questions, please login to your Commission Junction account and visit the Support Center to search our help topics or ask Client Services a question.

Regards,
Client Services